2014.1:
 * Version 9.2
 * Added C_EXAMPLE_SIMULATION parameter for post synthesis/implementation simulation speedup
 * Added support for Ultrascale devices
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator
 * Added Little endian support for data & flow control interfaces as non-default GUI selectable option
 * Interoperability guidance provided in Product Guide
 * Resolved functional issue seen with specific frame lengths in certain scenarios
 * Refer Product Guide for more information on critical warnings during IP upgrade

2013.4:
 * Version 9.1
 * Increased the number of optional transceiver control and status ports

2013.3:
 * Version 9.0
 * Provided Verilog source and VHDL netlist
 * TX startup state machine update for MMCM lock synchronization with stable clock
 * Rx startup state machine updates to handle the RxReset after valid data is received
 * Linear 32-bit datapath interface from GT RX
 * Lane skew tolerance enhancement, now able to tolerate more lane to lane skew
 * Polarity inversion logic is enabled
 * Common reset and controls across all lanes
 * Increased the Rx CDR lock time from 50KUI to 37MUI as suggested by GT user guide
 * Increased the Block sync header max count from 64 to 60K to increase the robustness of the link
 * Transmission of more idle characters to add more robustness to link
 * Channel_INIT state machine and TX startup state machine are updated for hotplug sequence
 * Removed the reset to scrambler and made it free running to achieve faster CDR lock
 * Fixed corner case packet drop during CC( Clock Correction) insertion
 * Updated GTH QPLL attributes - Refer to AR 56332
 * Ease Of Use Updates.  For details, refer to migrating and upgrading section of Product Guide
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core
 * Added optional transceiver control and status ports
 * Updated synchronizers for clock domain crossing to reduce "Mean Time Between Failures" (MTBF) from meta-stability
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Basic Support for IP Integrator
 * XDC constraints updated to constrain 1st stage of the synchronizer flop
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude Vivado Labtools support for debug
 * Added quality counters in example design to increase the test quality
 * Added hardware reset state machine in example design to perform repeat reset testing

2013.2:
 * Version 8.1
 * Virtex-7 GTH production attributes updates

2013.1:
 * Version 8.0
 * Lower case ports for Verilog
 * Simplex TX/RX support added
 * Enhancement to protocol to increase Channel Init time
 * TXSTARTUPFSM & RXSTARTUPFSM modules included to control GT reset sequence
 * Autoupgrade feature

2012.4:
 * Version 7.3
 * No changes

2012.3:
 * Version 7.3
 * Hot-plug support for 7-series

2012.2:
 * Version 7.2
 * Virtex-7 HT device support
 * XSIM simulator support
 * Native Vivado release

(c) Copyright 2010 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
